Hook into the admin_notices action for required message (#110)
pods-framework/pods-beaver-builder-themer-add-on: readme.txt

Donate link: https://pods.io/friends-of-pods/
Tags: pods, beaver builder, beaver themer
Requires at least: 4.4

> Tested up to: 5.5

Author: ```suggestion
Tested up to: 5.6
```

== Changelog ==

> = 1.3.4 - November 30th, 2020 =
> * Fixed: Admin notices are now using the correct action for showing the message that Pods and Beaver Themer plugins (if not available) are required to use this plugin.

Author: ```suggestion
= 1.3.4 - December 30th, 2020 =
* Fixed: Admin notices are now using the correct action for showing the message that Pods and Beaver Themer plugins (if not available) are required to use this plugin. #110
* Fixed: Properly set post type parameter (if we have it) to fix issues with Polylang and other plugin compatibility. #109
```
